TRACING-3193: Add OTLP metrics docs (#60953)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/distr-tracing-config-otel-send-metrics-monitoring-stack.adoc

////
This module included in the following assemblies:
-distr_tracing_install/distributed-tracing-deploying-otel.adoc
////
:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="distr-tracing-send-metrics-monitoring-stack_{context}"]
= Sending metrics to the monitoring stack

> The following example shows how to configure the monitoring stack to scrape OpenTelemetry collector metrics endpoints and removes
> duplicated labels added by the monitoring stack during scraping.

Reviewer: Nitpick: instead of introducing a specific example, you could introduce the overall possibility. IMO, the example title is sufficiently clear about it being an example.
```suggestion
You can configure the monitoring stack to scrape OpenTelemetry collector metrics endpoints and to remove duplicated labels that the monitoring stack has added during scraping.
```

> .Sample `+PodMonitor+` that configures the monitoring stack to scrape collector metrics.

Reviewer: Nitpick: I don't normally see example titles ending with a period:
```suggestion
.Sample `+PodMonitor+` that configures the monitoring stack to scrape collector metrics
```

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: monitoring.coreos.com/v1
kind: PodMonitor
metadata:
  name: otel-collector
spec:
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app.kubernetes.io/name: otel-collector
  podMetricsEndpoints:
  - port: metrics <1>
  - port: promexporter <2>
    relabelings:
    - action: labeldrop
      regex: pod
    - action: labeldrop
      regex: container
    - action: labeldrop
      regex: endpoint
    metricRelabelings:
    - action: labeldrop
      regex: instance
    - action: labeldrop
      regex: job
----

> <1> The OpenTelemetry collector internal metrics port name. The port name is always `+metrics+`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> The name of the internal metrics port for the OpenTelemetry collector. This port name is always `+metrics+`.
```

> <2> The OpenTelemetry collector Prometheus exporter port name. The port name is defined in the `+.spec.ports+` section of the OpenTelemetry collector CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> The name of the Prometheus exporter port for the OpenTelemetry collector. This port name is defined in the `+.spec.ports+` section of the OpenTelemetry collector CR.
```
